Changing title and adding Santosh linfo (#410)
ropensci/roweb3: content/commcalls/2022-10-24/index.md

---
title: "Mentoring & training program for Scientific Open Source Champions"
dateStart: 2022-10-24T18:00:00 # UTC!!
dateEnd: 2022-10-24T19:00:00 # UTC!!
date: 2022-10-24T19:00:00 # UTC!! same as dateEnd
publishDate: 2022-09-23

> description: Details about the program and tips for submitting your Champions Program application

Author: ```suggestion
description: Details about the Champions Program + tips for submitting your application + the experience of being a champion in other open source communities
```
